Instructions-

WARNING - DO NOT DELETE ANY OF THE FOLLOWING-
            * bat file
                * module installation.bat
            * csv and text files
                * smtp_info.txt
            * Background and Icon
                * Images in this folder
            * Any module present in Customer and Restaurant folders.




THE FOOD VAULT-

1. Open the The Food Vault.py file.
note - First execution will take a little time since the program will install all 
       the required modules and create the required database and files. Later executions
       will take lesser time.

!!!DO NOT DELETE ANY FOLDER CREATED AFTER FIRST EXECUTION. DOING SO WILL CREATE AN ERROR IN THE EXECUTION!!!

2. Click on Sign Up button to create an account.

3. Enter all the credentials required.
note - Email should be a valid email id since verification code and invoice will be sent to it.

4. Click 'Register' button.

5. Enter the verification code sent to your email.

6. After successful verification, you'll see a welcome screen.

7. Click on 'Restaurant List' button to open the list of restaurants.

8. Click on any restaurant to open it's menu.

9. Double click on the items you wanna add to your cart list.

10. After adding the items, click on 'Add items to cart' button.

10. Click on 'Cart' button to open the cart.

11. If you wanna remove all the items then click on 'Clear Cart' button.

12. If you wanna place order then click on 'Place Order' button.

13. Select your address and click on 'Confirm and Proceed' button to place order. An invoice of your order will be sent to your email.

14. To check your order status/history click on 'Order History' button.

15. Double click on one of the list item to open the order details.

16. To download a single invoice, select an invoice and click on 'Download Selected Invoice'.

17. To download all the invoices, click on 'Download All Invoices'.

18. Invoices will be downloaded in the Invoice folder in the same directory as the program.

19. To edit your 'Account Details', click on 'User Details' Button to see all your details and edit them.

20. If you wanna delete your account, click on 'Delete Account' button and enter your password to confirm.
    An email will be sent to your mail informing abt the account deletion.

THE FOOD VAULT RESTAURANT-

1. Open the The Food Vault Restaurant.py file.

2. To login, use the restaurant code and restaurant name.

3. After logging in successfully, you'll see the 'Pending Order' screen.

4. Select an order from the screen and click on 'Order Delivered' Button to change the status of the order from pending to deliverd.

5. If you want to see the orders delivered by the restaurant, click on 'Delivered Orders' button. 
  